so Apple has this new $400 iPhone and I
feel like it's gonna be an incredibly
important phone this year not just for
Apple not just for like iOS users that
are hoping to upgrade not even for
Android users that want to upgrade it's
for the entire phone industry because
when you look at that phone you look at
the specs that they've put into this
iPhone se it really feels like a
completely different type of like
decision-making went into this device it
feels like a hey how much can we pack
into a $400 phone how much can we give
our customers for that money like what
do people actually want at that price
point and that's not normally what we
see the typical thinking it feels is
with any kind of brand-name phone it's
what crazy amount of tech can we stuff
into this phone and then how much can we
sell it for what's the highest price we
can jack this thing up to before people
stop buying it that really feels like
the the trend that we've seen for the
past five six years it's just crazy
increase in price of all the flagship
phones like $1,200 $1,500 now we're
seeing $2,000 smart phones these are the
phones at the top end right the premium
expensive stuff but when these brands
make their mid to your market phones
like the four or five hundred other
phones they have to these phones so
hard so that the top-end stuff doesn't
look terrible in value by comparison
right you got to make that you got to
make the $400 phones appropriately
Specht out so that the super expensive
stuff looks good but last year there was
an exception the pixel 3/8 and I thought
that this was one of the most important
phones that came out last year because
it was a phone that prioritized the
camera when I did the video on this
thing I remember thinking I'd like to
see Apple's response I want to see what
Apple does now knowing that there is a
$400 phone out there with a killer
camera and I think the iPhone se is the
response maybe not direct right maybe
this was planned a long time ago maybe
it was never really in response to the
pixel 3a but I love what this thing
brings and I hope it becomes a thing
right I want more smartphone companies
to have this mindset of like hey how
good when experience can we deliver for
400 bucks instead of this idea of like
hey how do we had we con people into
buying $2,000 smartphones right those
are very different mindsets and I'd like
I that the thing I find most interesting
is I don't think there's a lot of
companies that can pull this off like if
you think about Apple think about what's
going on here when they have a $400
smartphone that's it
on the shelf with the rest of the lineup
if you're a potential customer you walk
into an Apple store there are people out
there that were gonna buy an iPhone 11
or maybe an iPhone 11 Pro and now they
see this yeah I'll go for that hell yeah
I'll save like the four or five six
hundred bucks I will buy the cheaper
$400 phone so they're losing some
revenue in that sense but they're
probably getting a huge chunk of people
that would never even considered an
Apple phone but now they got a $400
option and they come over so if you
think about how many other companies are
willing to make a good $400 smart phone
that makes the rest of their lineup look
weirdly overpriced right not many and
maybe that's the play maybe that's
Apple's ultimate like Jack move where
they're like hey smartphone industry we
don't even care about Hardware anymore
like yeah we've got our expensive stuff
but we'll sell this cheap thing
it doesn't matter of what you got it
doesn't matter if you come up with your
snapdragon 10030 two gigs of ram it
doesn't matter because we have a four
hundred dollar smartphone that people
want to buy and when people buy this
thing we can sell them services and
that's how Apple can make their money so
this whole idea of a $400 smartphone is
just like this is gonna this is gonna
change so many things in the industry I
love it and I'm just I want to see how
this thing plays out now it's probably
not a phone that's for the hardcore tech
enthusiasts right it's got a big
forehead big chin and the screen itself
is lackluster compared to the amazing
options we have available but a lot of
people just don't care about that stuff
it does have wireless charging it does
have water resistance and it does have
that superfast 813 processor can shoot
4k 60 video and because it's an Apple
iPhone is gonna have years of software
support it's like I'm expecting five
plus years of software updates like what
other $400 smartphone can boast that
right like to have that kind of software
support for that many years
that's iPhone for you now there is one
thing that I feel like Apple kind of
left out like these hey you got one in
its the fact that they don't have a
night mode on the iPhone se like with
that a13 processor with the knurl engine
I feel like they could have done it
maybe but it's not in there and there's
also I feel like some collateral damage
when it comes to the iPhone I see like
the existence of this $400 smartphone
heavily affects the resale market of
everything not just iPhones but every
phone out there right especially the
older like the ones that
like the iPhone se like the eight the
seven the six asked the six all of those
like those are worth very little now
because of this $400 phone and even the
more expensive iPhones and Android
phones the whole market just gets
shifted around a little bit because of
the existence of this phone which is
kind of interesting but this is the
thing that's most interesting to me
what is androids answer to this what is
an equivalent $400 smartphone like I've
been thinking about this
the closest thing that came up to was
the pixel 3/8 right but that's you
there's there's some deficiencies with
that product that the iPhone se does not
have like particularly processing
strength and the new one the pixel for
a-1 that eventually comes out that's
probably the closest stuff because when
you try to look at everyone else in this
space right any other 400 micron there's
a half-dozen phones out there that are
really good but they all can't compete
with this iPhone se at least I don't
think it can like you need a phone from
a reputable company that's gonna last
with good software support who who's
doing that at 400 bucks I'm not saying
that can't be done and this is why this
is so cool because I think companies
will try to step in I mean they have to
if you don't you lose right someone's
gonna like every company now has to
compete with the $400 iPhone okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it
subs have you loved it I'll see you guys
next
[Music]